Darren, could you read Psalm 116 in verse 12?
It says, with what will I repay Jehovah?
For all the good he has done for me.
How can Psalm 116 in verse 12 give us courage right now?
Great.
Well, Jehovah's always done well for us in the past.
So we can trust He'll do the same for us now and in the future.
Thank you.
That's so true that He's always done good things for us.
But from what I've seen, what really makes a difference is how we respond to that goodness.
For some in the congregation, those good things became a test of their loyalty.
We continue with our meeting.
We have a letter to read.
To all congregations of Jehovah's Witnesses, dear brothers and sisters,
if we are to have Jehovah's favor and blessing as individuals.
They found fault with what the organization was doing or not doing.
As we work together with you, shoulder to shoulder, your brothers, the Christian.
Now paragraph 12 gives more detail on our adjusted understanding of this exciting account.
Let's read it.
Brother Perez, please read paragraph 12 for us.
Soon, they criticize any teaching or arrangement they didn't agree with.
And whether they realized it or not, their critical attitude was eroding their own loyalty.
And it was affecting others.
And before we ask the question for that paragraph, who would like to read Psalms 116 verse 12?
Kyle, please.
Eventually, some were no longer our brothers.
But the more grateful our family was for what Jehovah gave us,
the stronger our attachment to him became.
So I've learned to have appreciation for everything.
Everything Jehovah has done for us and for his organization.
It's helped us all make it to this point.
And I'm sure it will help us stay loyal through the rest of the great tribulation.
I know that look.
You haven't experienced, don't you?
I do, but it's...
It can't be anything I don't already know.
It's not exactly in my list of things to share with my little brother.
There's no pressure, Elaine.
Only tell it if you want to.
It's okay.
For me, I struggled with negative thinking.
No way.
Yeah.
But I had a good friend who always helped and listened and helped me learn how to fight it.
And I'll always be grateful.
I would pray.
But at times, the feelings were so strong.
I didn't know what to do.
I know, I know, that must be so hard for you.
Well, they have a stop feeling like this.
Don't worry about if it's going to stop.
Let's talk about ways you can take control when it happens.
Take control?
You know, the scriptures tell us as Christians.
But we pray for self-control in our actions.
But do you know we need that same self-control for our thoughts?
I never thought about it that way before.
The scriptures tell us how.
Can we read one together?
Yeah, really like that.
It's in 2 Corinthians, chapter 10.
In verse number 5, you're going to like this scripture.
Chapter 10, verse 5.
Do you feel like reading it?
We are overturning, reasonings.
And every lofty thing raised up against the knowledge of God.
And we are bringing every thought in the captivity
to make it obedient to the Christ.
Karen showed me what it meant
to bring my negative thoughts in the captivity
and to make them obedient to the Christ.
I had to know what my negative thoughts were.
All of them can write them down.
And for each one, find what Jehovah thinks
and then find scriptures that I could remember
each time that negative thought returned.
I kept that list with me at all times.
It was a slow process,
but with Jehovah's help and with Karen's,
I've learned how to fight the battle against negative thoughts.
Evelyn, that was so brave of you to share.
Well, just listening to everyone else's stories about loyalty,
it made me think about what I needed to do to stay loyal.
Now, Elaine, if you don't mind me asking,
how did you see that as a test of loyalty?
Well, one scripture I memorized,
verse Corinthians 9.25, it says,
now everyone competing in a contest
exercises self-control in all things.
So if Jehovah's telling me,
I need to exercise self-control in all things,
even my thinking, then I'm loyal to Jehovah when I try.
Elaine, you are to be commended for what you did
and for seeing the need.
I'm so glad you guys meet it safely.
It's getting bad out there now.
Chris, were you able to check on all of the other groups?
Yes, Brother Brown, I took account of each group.
Thank you.
So you've been visiting each group,
even with all that's going on out there?
Yes, but there have been some scary moments.
Still, we're going to shepherd all of the groups
for as long as we still can.
The brothers really appreciate you making the sacrifice to do this.
And you too, Shelley, for supporting Chris.
Is everybody okay?
Everyone's fine.
They're getting used to doing without some for the first time.
You and Shelley said a good example for keeping your life simple.
Thanks, but honestly, that wasn't always the case.
What do you mean?
Well, one day we were watching the video,
we live a simple life.
And it really helped us to take a good look at our lives.
We were both pioneering,
but still living a comfortable life.
And we started wondering,
our love for Jehovah moved us to pioneer,
but could it move us to take the next step?
After meditating and praying about it,
the answer became obvious.
When we sold our house,
found a little apartment in the territory,
took some time to adjust.
But what it did for our relationship with Jehovah
was so worth it.
With nothing to tie us down,
we were blessed to go to the School for Kingdom of Angelizers.
And then that's when you all met us.
I remember when you guys moved here,
everything you owned fit into your car and trailer.
How much longer will this keep up?
Chris, please say another prayer for us,
and I think we should look at some more scriptures that'll help us.
Do you see anything?
Do you see any witnesses?
What are they?
Psalm 27.
He's really going to help us.
Jehovah is my light and my salvation.
Who should I fear?
Jehovah is the stronghold of my life.
Who should I dread?
When evil men attack me to devour my flesh,
my adversaries and my enemies were the ones who stumbled and fell,
though an army should set up camp against me,
my heart will not fear.
The war should break out against me,
even then I will remain confident.
One thing I have asked of Jehovah.
Where would I be if I did not have faith
that I would see Jehovah's goodness in the land of the living?
Hope in Jehovah.
Be courageous and strong of heart.
Yes, hope in Jehovah.
Thank you, Brother Brown.
That Psalm is very faith strengthening.
It is, Chris, especially the question at verse 13.
Where would I be if I did not have faith?
I think all of us can identify with that question.
Absolutely. Without faith, none of us would be here.
All of us here.
And all of our brothers everywhere.
At this hour, we can all feel good
that we've worked hard to build faith in Jehovah's promises.
We've all resisted temptations
to serve God half-heartedly with a date in mind
or for some selfish reason.
Instead of just going through the motions of being a disciple,
our faith is real, it's genuine.
Paul called that faith faith without hypocrisy.
And to have seen you build that kind of faith
just warms my heart.
You studied God's Word to better understand His ways
and His promises.
That has made your faith strong today.
You reasoned,
on Jehovah's past dealings with you
and that has given you strength
to remain loyal under test
and your faith has led you here
as loyal servants of Jehovah.
Confident that Psalm 97 verse 10 applies to you personally.
Jehovah is guarding the lives of His loyal ones.
It's not the basement.